Update https.md (#36370)
nodejs/node: doc/api/https.md

string, it is automatically parsed with [`new URL()`][]. If it is a [`URL`][]
object, it will be automatically converted to an ordinary `options` object.

`https.request()` returns an instance of the [`http.ClientRequest`][]

> class. The `ClientRequest` instance is a writable stream. If one needs to

Reviewer: Pronouns are OK in our docs, so if you want to use `you` instead of `one`, that would be fine:

```suggestion
class. The `ClientRequest` instance is a writable stream. If you need to
```

> upload a file with a POST request, then write to the `ClientRequest` object.

Reviewer: Do we need any of this information in the text if it's been added to line 278 above?

> `https.request()` returns an instance of the [`http.ClientRequest`][]
> class. The `ClientRequest` instance is a writable stream. If one needs to
> upload a file with a POST request, then write to the `ClientRequest` object.
> 

Reviewer: Do we need any of this information in the text if it's been added to line 278 above? Maybe the paragraph can go but the other addition can stay?

```suggestion
```

Author: This paragraph was copied from http.request, includes the use of 'one'. All I did was add a single letter 's' to 'http': 

https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/master/doc/api/http.md#httprequesturl-options-callback
